Update references to Component methods in jCal documentation (#1122)
collective/icalendar: docs/how-to/jcal.rst

    ... ]
    ... """

> Use :meth:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.from_jcal` to parse the :py:class:`list` or JSON :py:class:`str`.

Reviewer: Actually, this link doesn't align with its code example.

Additionally, due to the numerous `from_ical` class methods, we should disambiguate that in the link label, not shorten it to the method name.

Finally, we don't need the `:py` prefix.

```suggestion
Use :meth:`Calendar.from_ical <icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.from_ical>` to parse the :class:`list` or JSON :class:`str`.
```
